README.md, before:

BuildAndShoot Client
=============

BuildAndShoot Client; a Open Source Voxel shooter licensed under the LGPL.

IF YOU ARE READING THIS AND EXPECTING A BUILD / CLIENT. PLEASE BE DISSAPOINTED. This hasn't even gone somewhere yet.

Explanatory Stuff Below!
=============

BuildAndShoot Client
=============

The client is where the game "actually" is.

The client renders all the stuff what happens during each PySnip / Server step. (Note: PySnip bundled with released game versions.)

BuildAndShoot Server
=============

The server is where the logic comes into play.

THe server side is where all the bullets fly, grenades go boom etc, all as binary code executions.

Building then Shooting
=============

Libaries:

freeglut-2.8.0

glm-0.9.4.1

glew-1.9.0

If you git cloned like a good person should, then it should be pretty obvious that you should:

$-: cd BuildAndShoot

$-: cd src

$-: make

$-: ./BnSClient

Compiling info should go here!

Coding Ettiquete
=============

Any bullshit such as tabs in a function line eg:

int asdf (bracket)this, this,
this, and this(closing bracket)
is difficult for HUMANS to read.

This is easy to read.

int Network(bullet, ammocount, magic, particles)

Submitting Fixes / Bugs
=============

Submit things such as bug reports, missing items, models media, etc.

Feel free to pull request things when a branch is done.

ProTip: Squash commits when done, it makes the history easier to clean when I'm either reverting broken changes, or fixing crap code.

Misc.
=============

I DO NOT OWN THE NAME BuildAndShoot, I am using it to notify users that the client is built for and designed for the older Voxlap AoS players.

This is what I hopefully think the end should look like:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QINwCaJgX4o

Commit message:

if youre reading this, i'm going to clean this
soon. also, cuberoot works on my end, but isnt anything useful to me.

README.md, after:

BuildAndShoot Client
=============

BuildAndShoot Client; a Open Source Voxel shooter licensed under the LGPL.

IF YOU ARE READING THIS AND EXPECTING A BUILD / CLIENT. PLEASE BE DISSAPOINTED. This hasn't even gone somewhere yet.

Explanatory Stuff Below!
=============

BuildAndShoot Client
=============

The client is where the game "actually" is.

The client renders all the stuff what happens during each PySnip / Server step. (Note: PySnip bundled with released game versions.)

BuildAndShoot Server
=============

The server is where the logic comes into play.

THe server side is where all the bullets fly, grenades go boom etc, all as binary code executions.

Building then Shooting
=============

Libaries:

freeglut-2.8.0

glm-0.9.4.1

glew-1.9.0

If you git cloned like a good person should, then it should be pretty obvious that you should:

$-: cd BuildAndShoot

$-: cd src

$-: make

$-: ./BnSClient

Compiling info should go here!

I'm not actually sure if I should do this method, at some point I'll probably end up using a cmake option.

Also: I might have found a useful engine!

C4 Engine, I'm still looking for somthing with .vox and .kv6 out of the box.

Coding Ettiquete
=============

Any bullshit such as tabs in a function line eg:

int asdf (bracket)this, this,
this, and this(closing bracket)
is difficult for HUMANS to read.

This is easy to read.

int Network(bullet, ammocount, magic, particles)

Submitting Fixes / Bugs
=============

Submit things such as bug reports, missing items, models media, etc.

Feel free to pull request things when a branch is done.

ProTip: Squash commits when done, it makes the history easier to clean when I'm either reverting broken changes, or fixing crap code.

Misc.
=============

I DO NOT OWN THE NAME BuildAndShoot, I am using it to notify users that the client is built for and designed for the older Voxlap AoS players.

This is what I hopefully think the end should look like:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QINwCaJgX4o
